the girag an experience you took a long
time off you took like six years off and
then came back again in 2010 for one
fight well uh yeah I came back for that
any because I got I got pretty chill I
put in prison and the you know it was
funny because after I got out of prison
it was on national TV it was in all the
newspapers magazines funny how I start
fading out of the media all of a sudden
I get arrested I'm like a pop thing in
the media again and I say far as a
shocker so that's why you mean on the
media event you know but anyway you know
I when I got out you know when I would
go to bars and stuff he would say uh
some people would say like oh I see me
on TV and I'm like fuck I think to
myself is that the one with me
handcuffed walking police or was no idea
god I hated that you know so I figured
you know the only way to tell show um
make it up to my fans now that I'm know
that I'm back you know we get drug
tested in Japan we get marijuana's a big
thing now in Japan we get tested for
marijuana if you have any marijuana your
blood and Japan you're not gonna be able
to fight us what did you get arrested
for know what happened well I had a 16
grams in my car I had a great 20 joints
I had we're gonna have a little party in
Roppongi and was on the way down and
they do a lot of inspections just
randomly they walk around in Japan it's
kind of unconstitutional where they
don't need a reason to search you
they'll come right up to your car and
say I wanna check in your car and it's
like I was stolen and I had a head of
joint I mean a rotor on the dashboard
and you know when you're still and you
think you're getting sneaky with you
it's like so bad as they uh what what
roads
I put in my pocket and they're deer
following me the whole time like this in
their pocket and I'm like so I put put
my phone in the pocket pull it behind my
phone said nothing I'm walking this is
be on your phone fuck so but how like
what is it like is it like being caught
with cocaine yeah I was like the drugs a
drug in Japan yeah so doesn't matter we
understand yeah so I um I was facing
some bad time you know because I was a
famous figure and they wanted to make an
example of me so Wow what was worst case
scenario I think was five years
fuck yeah so I was facing that arm it
all depended on what came up in my house
in my gym when he did the search next
day Wow and what came out nothing
nothing
so that's a view yeah well I was kind of
baffled until my fucking weed yeah so
you know nothing came up so um it was
then they the interrogation came to
finding out where I got my stuff oh yeah
and you know so when in Japan if you
throw everything to a foreign person
they'll drop they won't want to go find
someone in America I'm I told me I was a
student from Guam Oh
I mean just rude I asked me for her name
and I said Tony I knew like three Tony's
and Guam's I keep it real Tony and and
we had like two days of questioning I
mean you talking interrogation for like
eight hours straight just interrogation
and lay like the third day they said so
happened caught me off guard man and
they asked me what's Tony's last name
and this frickin ridiculous the first
name that pops it was Montana what I
said throw what I said Montana I'll see
this whole fuck if these guys watch
Scarface
I'll see I'm screwed you know screwed
because they'll start the integration
all over if I get caught in a lie right
right right
so he just I saw him write it down in
Japanese Montana and then he just jot it
down and I was like hey Scarface the
Scarface get translated into Japanese
not that popular I don't think it's that
popular there yeah that's fucking
hilarious Tony Montana gave me my
marijuana you know how long was ores
worth the trip in how long was your how
long was the ordeal from getting
arrested to getting cleared 28 days
which isn't a big deal if you know it's
gonna be 28 days when you're sitting in
there and you don't know what's gonna
happen
you you don't know what's going on an
outside world because you're shut off
and you're wondering if you're gonna
spend five years it's kind of twenty
days is a long 28 days Wow so you went
from there and you said fuck it I'm
gonna I'm gonna take on another fight so
I went in there and uh it was good for
me actually
I mean I always think back and think
okay I should have done this I should
have done this if I didn't put the rose
to that and I keep thinking and I catch
myself wait a minute this is uh probably
one of the best things that happened to
you because the big biggest thing that
happened to me in that was I I learned
how important my freedom was I mean
everyone takes up a grand every day wake
up well what are you gonna do today on
this like shit I got nothing to do is
freaking overcast the shitty day what
I'm gonna do is like how damn is this a
shitty day you know but man just the
fact that you can choose to stay at home
you can choose to eat McDonald's you can
choose to just hang out or you can
choose to be bored you know freedom that
freedoms awesome so it was something
that really made me realize that how
important freedom was yeah a lot of
people take it for granted you know you
dealing with a situation like that
especially over something like weed
where it's so nonsensical and crazy they
could take away your freedom for fucking
years yeah the thing about that is I I
serve the time went to the court we I
got a three years probation where I
couldn't leave Japan for three years I
didn't even get to go to my
grandmother's funeral and I figured okay
I got us it'll be good these three years
and I will start up again and then next
thing I know I get a letter from the
Democrat Elling me that I I just lost my
green card because of infringement and I
got a leave Japan whoa I'm like whoa
wait a minute I've been here for 20
years my whole life is here I bought a
house there I got gyms here maybe I
can't leave Japan so I called him up and
they we had this like this road generic
answer okay if you're contesting it
you're going to start an investigation
you have to come down to immigration
center and blah blah blah went down to
go was an eight-month investigation I
mean it was ridiculous I mean money to
go down there numerous times and just
like all day interrogations and it would
start from the beginning the name of
your mom and dad what do they do I'm
like what the fuck does that have to do
anything and I'm
I'm just going along with the roll and
it's like the next week I go in for
another interrogation they start all
over again a whole new investigator I'm
like what the fuck's going on I just
told the other guy you know and it got
to a point it was so bad that I got so
frustrated in there as much as I needed
to be in Japan I looked at I said you
know what I love Japan I made this place
my home and the fucking Japan doesn't
want me I don't want to fucking be here
I tell him straight up like that and I
was like I said well should I just
screwed myself man I thought you know
that's so frustrating I say you know if
you you know I served my time and and
I'm and I'm trying to do I'm doing good
things for Japan you know and you guys
gonna try and kick me out if you guys
don't want me you know I don't want to
fucking beer if don't didn't want him
here you know so you know the
interrogation went on and there was one
guy that was a fan of mine when he
wasn't aerating me and then he he kind
of did something illegal where he he
told me that the between these two red
markers said look at those two favors he
said he flipped it open he said this is
all petitions coming in for you not to
get kicked out of Japan and I saw the
papers like this thick as I go shit
that's a lot he said yeah you got like
four thousand and already and the
petition Japan isn't just names you
gotta leave your name your phone number
your address and everything you know see
it's not a bullshit where you can just
get people to sign their names just
right someday yeah so they're writing
this four thousand and every time we get
integration I see that that between
those two red markers eating thicker and
thicker and I come to find at the end it
came out to be nine thousand in eight
months nine thousand people sent in that
they don't want me to tell Japan and
immigration is there to protect Japan
from dangerous so-called dangerous
foreigners so when they're there people
that they're supposed to be protecting
is sending nine thousand letters saying
they don't want this guy kicked out so
that was the overriding those I kept you
I could have been deported yeah